Hey this is Justin with AmericanMuscle.com,
and this is my breakdown of the Ford Racing
front floor mats fitting all 94-04 Mustangs.
These mats from Ford Racing are for the Mustang
owner who's looking to replace the worn out
or missing factory floor mats in their SN95,
and may want to save a few bucks by replacing
only the front two mats.
Appearance wise you can see things are pretty
simple, they went with an all black construction
that should look nice in just about any interior,
in fact, why don't you go ahead and click
the link below, and check out our product
page, where you can see these actual floor
mats in some customer rides, and get a better
idea of how they might look in your own ride.
The cherry on top has to be the Ford Racing
logo, which has been embroidered nicely into
the bottom corner of each mats.
Unlike other lesser quality floor mats that
you might find in your local parts store these
mats have been custom cut to fit the floor
pan of the SN95 perfectly, and it definitely
shows in the quality of fitment.
These mats are held in place thanks to the
grommet that's to be used with the factory
retainer hook, in addition to the heavy duty
textured rubber backing, basically ensuring
that these mats stay where they should at
all times.
Rounding out the build we're looking at an
extremely durable pile cut carpet, finished
off with this quality stitched binding, which
should remain looking good for years to come.
Hopefully installing a new set of floor mats
isn't something you should need too much help
with, however if I can give you one piece
of advice, go ahead and get a vacuum and give
the carpet a quick once over first, before
you do ultimately install those floor mats.
Either way with or without the vacuum, this
one shouldn't take you any more than 5 minutes.
And remember that these mats, like any other
part from American Muscle, ship for free the
same day as your order.
So if you're looking for a quality set of
OE replacement mats for your SN95, then be
sure to check out these offerings from Ford
Racing, available right here at AmericanMuscle.com.
Last but not least, don't forget to subscribe
to our YouTube channel by clicking the link
below, or on that link up in the corner there,
to check out some of the updates on our Project
Cars, more overviews, and of course the lovely
AM ladies.